Bouncy ball
Peppa and George are going to play
in the garden with their ball.
Wee... George throws the ball as high as
he can and catches it.
I can do that too.
Wee...
Oh, Peppa has missed the ball.
This is a silly game.
Here is Peppa's best friend Suzy sheep.
Suzy has two tennis racquets.
Hello, Peppa. Hello, Suzy.
Let's play tennis.
Yes, that sounds fun.
To you, Suzy.
Oh, Suzy has missed the ball.
Oh, Peppa has missed the ball.
Peppa and Suzy like playing tennis.
But George feels a bit left out.
Oh, sorry, George, you can't play tennis,
we only have two racquets.
I know,
George can be the ball boy.
Yes, it is a very important job.
George is going to be the ball boy. He has
to collect the ball when it is hit too far.
To you, Suzy.
Oh, Missed it.
Ball boy...
Thank you, ball boy.
Oh, Ball boy...
Ball boy...
Oh, dear,
George doesn't like this game.
Here are Danny dog, Pedro pony, Candy cat,
Rebecca rabbit and Richard ribbit.
Hello, everyone. Hello.
We are playing tennis.
Can we play too?
But there aren't enough racquets.
Oh, Let's play something else.
Let's play football.
Yes, football.
Girls against boys.
We each need a goalkeeper.
Me... me... me... me...
Pedro pony and Rebecca rabbit
will be the goalkeepers.
We'll start.
Goal...
Rebecca rabbit has scored a goal.
The boy is winning.
That's not fair.
We weren't ready.
Hi, that's cheating.
You can't hold the ball.
Yes, I can.
I am the goalkeeper.
Go, Rebecca, go. Goal.
Hooray!
The goal is not allowed.
Yes, it is. No, it isn't.
What a lot of noise!
Daddy, the boys are cheating.
No, the girls are cheating.
It's sounds like
you need a referee.
What's a referee?
It's someone who make sure
that everyone plays fair.
I'll be the referee.
Me... me... me...
Stop! Stop!
I'll be the referee.
The next team to get a goal
will win the game.
Hooray!
Where's the ball?
Quick! Score a goal.
Stop them.
Goal!
Richard rabbit has scored a goal.
Hooray!
The boys win.
Oh, football is a silly game.
Just a moment,
the boys scored in their own goal.
That means the girls win.
Really? Hooray.
Football is a great game.